[hmac,doc] Align documentation with HW changes (#24157)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/ip/hmac/README.md

## Features

> - Dual modes: HMAC based on SHA-2 and unkeyed SHA-2

Reviewer: nit: I would drop the `unkeyed` term here. I think SHA-2 clearly refers to the hash function and in the standard definition there is no key input for a hash function.

Reviewer 2: Maybe:
```suggestion
- Dual modes: SHA-2 / HMAC based on SHA-2
```
?

- Multiple digest sizes supported (for both modes): SHA-2 256/384/512 hashing algorithm
- Configurable key length 128/256/384/512/1024-bit secret key for HMAC mode
- Support for context switching (via saving and restoring) across multiple message streams

> - 32 x 32-bit message buffer

Reviewer 2: How about
```suggestion
- 32 x 32-bit message FIFO buffer
```
because the next reference to this buffer links to `MSG_FIFO`?

## Description

[sha256-spec]: https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/detail/fips/180/4/final

The HMAC module is a [SHA-2][sha256-spec] hash-based authentication code generator to check the integrity of an incoming message and a signature signed with the same secret key.
It supports SHA-2 256/384/512 and 128/256/384/512/1024-bit keys in HMAC mode, so long as the key length does not exceed the block size of the configured SHA-2 digest size, i.e., 1024-bit keys are not supported for SHA-2 256 where the block size is 512-bit.
It generates a different authentication code with the same message if the secret key is different.

This HMAC implementation is not hardened against side channel or fault injection attacks.
It is meant purely for hashing acceleration.
If hardened MAC operations are required, users should use either [KMAC](../kmac/README.md) or a software implementation.

> The secret key is written in [`KEY_0`](doc/registers.md#key) to [`KEY_31`](doc/registers.md#key), and the key length relevant to the HMAC operation is configured in [`CFG.key_length`].

Reviewer 2: ``[`CFG.key_length`]`` doesn't result in an implicit link, unfortunately. `(doc/registers.md#cfg--key_length)` needs to be appended. This problem also occurs in existing lines in this file; may I ask you to please fix them too in this PR?

Reviewer 2: In this context, I would bundle "`KEY_0` to `KEY_31`" into a single link (and similar for "`DIGEST_0` to `DIGEST_15`" etc)

> For example, to use a 256-bit secret key, [`CFG.key_length`] should be configured to 0x02 and then only secret key registers [`KEY_0`](doc/registers.md#key) to [`KEY_7`] are consumed and are relevant for the HMAC operation.

Reviewer: nit: Is the "are consumed and are relevant" part intentional. Two "are"s sounds a bit unnatural to me.

> For example, to use a 256-bit secret key, [`CFG.key_length`] should be configured to 0x02 and then only secret key registers [`KEY_0`](doc/registers.md#key) to [`KEY_7`] are consumed and are relevant for the HMAC operation.

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't mention the specific configuration value (`0x02`) in this file, because it duplicates information that can get stale. Instead, I suggest sth like:
```suggestion
For example, to use a 256-bit secret key, [`CFG.key_length`](doc/registers.md#cfg--key_length) needs to be configured (as per register documentation) and then only secret key registers [`KEY_0` to `KEY_7`](doc/registers.md#key) are consumed and relevant for the HMAC operation.
```

The `hmac_done` interrupt is raised to report to software that the final digest is available.

This module allows software to save and restore the hashing context so that different message streams can be interleaved; please check the [Programmer's Guide](doc/programmers_guide.md#saving-and-restoring-the-context) for more information.

The HMAC IP can run in SHA-2 only mode, whose purpose is to check the correctness of the received message.
The same digest registers above are used to hold the final hash result.
SHA-2 mode does not use the given secret key.
It generates the same result with the same message every time.

The software does not need to provide the message length. The HMAC IP
will calculate the length of the message received between **1** being written to
[`CMD.hash_start`](doc/registers.md#cmd) and **1** being written to [`CMD.hash_process`](doc/registers.md#cmd).

This version does not have many defense mechanisms but is able to wipe internal variables such as the secret key, intermediate hash results, digest and the internal message scheduling array.

> It does not wipe the software accessible 32x32b FIFO.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It does not wipe the message FIFO, which SW can write but not read.
```
